Refactor SQLite tables creation to avoid SQL injections (#1435)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center

* **[Fix]** Fix an `IncorrectContextUseViolation` warning when calculating screen size on Android 11.

> * **[Fix]** All SQL commands used in SDK now hardcoded, to avoid any possible SQL injection issues and static analyzer errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** All SQL commands used in SDK are presented as raw strings, to avoid any possible static analyzer's SQL injection false alarms.
```

> * **[Fix]** All SQL commands used in SDK are presented as raw strings, to avoid any possible static analyzer's SQL injection false alarms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** All SQL commands used in SDK are presented as raw strings to avoid any possible static analyzer's SQL injection false alarms.
```
